[KOGITO-9094][KSW-Guides] Support external resources configuration for Workflow CR in devmode (#340)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/enable_devmode.adoc

= Enable dev mode
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Enable Dev Profile

> :keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, config, openshift, containers

Reviewer: + `development`

Author: ok

> This document describes how to enable the dev profile to use the devmode with the {operator_name}.

Author: ok

> #### External files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ok

> To enable the dev profile and use the qaurkus dev mode editing the external resources files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the dev profile and use the Quarkus dev mode by editing the external resources files,
```

Author: ok

> you have to add in the annotation section of the KogitoServerlessWorkflow CRD the line

Author: ok

`sw.kogito.kie.org/profile: dev`

----
apiVersion: sw.kogito.kie.org/v1alpha08
kind: KogitoServerlessWorkflow
metadata:
  name: greeting
  annotations:
    sw.kogito.kie.org/description: Greeting example on k8s!
    sw.kogito.kie.org/version: 0.0.1
    sw.kogito.kie.org/profile: dev
....

> ----

Author: ok
